Start in Settings, under Customer Portal.
p02
The hub names the portal and, right beside it, one chip does the heavy lifting: Live.
p03
If that chip isn't showing, nobody signs in and the ticket is portal-wide.
p04
It is, so keep going.
p05
And leave Publish Changes alone.
p06
Now the five tiles across the top.
p07
Eighteen hundred forty registered members.
p08
Two hundred forty-seven logins today.
p09
That second number is your triage: members are getting in right now,
p10
so this ticket is probably one account.
p11
Zero logins on a live portal means the opposite.
p12
Next, the address.
p13
Click Copy and compare it to the link the member is using.
p14
A stale URL is the most common can't-log-in there is.
p15
Then open Preview Portal and try to reproduce what they see.
p16
Portal Health backs you up: API connected, certificate valid.
p17
The backend is fine.
p18
Back on the hub, two cards settle most of these tickets.
p19
Access and Security holds the login rules: phone and email, OTP on, thirty-minute sessions.
p20
Features and Modules reads seven of nine enabled.
p21
For a missing feature, that line is usually the whole answer.
p22
Two modules are just off.
p23
Open Access and Security and read the login methods.
p24
Phone, yes. Email, yes. Membership number, no. Guest access, no.
p25
So the member typing their membership number at sign-in isn't broken,
p26
and neither is the portal.
p27
That method is switched off.
p28
Match how they log in against what's actually enabled.
p29
Stay on this tab for the quiet culprit: OTP.
p30
A one-time code is required on every login, delivered by SMS, and it dies after ten minutes.
p31
A wrong or dead mobile number means the code never lands.
p32
The password rules sit just below: eight characters minimum, nothing fancier required.
p33
Back on the hub, read Recent Portal Activity.
p34
One line is worth the whole feed:
p35
three failed login attempts on one account, this morning, from mobile.
p36
That names the member, counts the tries, stamps the time, and tells you which channel to test.
p37
They're reaching the login and getting rejected.
p38
For a mobile-app complaint, switch to Digital and open Mobile App Users.
p39
Forty-eight hundred twenty users, more than half on iOS.
p40
The list below carries the three columns that explain most app tickets:
p41
app version, notifications, and status.
p42
Find the member's row.
p43
Tom Brown is running four point oh five on Android while others are on four point two one.
p44
An out-of-date build explains a login that fails or a feature that never appears.
p45
Notifications off explains I never get alerts.
p46
And status confirms the account itself is active.
p47
Now write it up.
p48
Portal live, on the right address.
p49
Which login method they used against what's enabled.
p50
OTP required, delivered by SMS.
p51
The failed-login line with its account, count, time, and channel.
p52
For mobile, the app version, notifications, and status.
p53
Flipping any of those switches happens in production, never here.
p54
That's the flow.
p55
Read the Live chip and the logins before you blame one account.
p56
Check the login methods and OTP when sign-in fails.
p57
Read the activity feed for proof.
p58
Check the member's app row when it's mobile.
p59
Then route it, with nothing published and nothing saved.